samples: matter: Store Wi-Fi fw patch in ext flash by default (#24083)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/thermostat/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/ipc_radio_conf.txt

> Building the Matter over Wi-Fi sample variant on nRF5340 DK with nRF7002EK shield

Reviewer: Don't we need to change pm statics for thermostat as well?

Author: Template sample is already updated.

> Building the Matter over Wi-Fi sample variant on nRF5340 DK with nRF7002EK shield

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building the Matter over Wi-Fi sample variant on nRF5340 DK with nRF7002 EK shield
```

> =================================================================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==================================================================================
```
